docs (Cloud Exports) Add steps to get exports with multi-tenancy in Cloud (#60)
dgraph-io/cloud-docs: content/admin/import-export.md

  }
}
```
## Exporting Data with Multi-Tenancy feature enabled

{{% notice "note" %}}
With Multi-Tenancy feature enabled, for any GraphQL request you will need to provide the `accessJWT` for the specific user in the `X-Dgraph-AccessToken` header.
{{% /notice %}}

You can trigger two types of exports:

> * cluster-wide export: this is an export of the entier backend (including all namespaces). This request can be only triggered by the *Guardian of Galaxy* users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* cluster-wide export: this is an export of the entire backend (including all namespaces). This request can be only triggered by the [*Guardian of Galaxy*](https://dgraph.io/docs/enterprise-features/multitenancy/#guardians-of-the-galaxy) users
```

Hm. It's a bit weird that I can't set a relative link since cloud-docs is a different repo than the Dgraph docs. But, I think it'd be helpful to link to the [Guardians of the Galaxy doc page](https://dgraph.io/docs/enterprise-features/multitenancy/#guardians-of-the-galaxy) here.
